[Music]
Miranda Priestly is the editor-in-chief
of runway so you don't read runway no
not to mention a legend and before today
never mean no we work a year for her and
you can get a job any magazine you want
you have no style or sense of fashion I
don't know wasn't a question
you got a job at a fashion magazine what
was it a phone interview are we doing it
before and after piece I don't know
about in the world of high fashion there
you are Emily actually it's Andy
my name is Andy a million girls what
kills to this job there's some reason
that my coffee isn't here did she go to
Rwanda for the beans or something where
so much is at stake I need 10 or 15
skirts where are my eggs lingerie
Andy Sachs is about to discover she
hates me Nigel there's a way that you
can help me
little Crisco and some fishing line and
we're in business it's not just about
what you wear what do you think you can
do you look so she Felix says then do I
just one stomach straight away from my
goal weight it's about who you are right
now do you know why I hired you I see a
great deal of myself in you
the person whose calls you always take
that's the relationship you're in let me
know when your whole life goes up in
smoke loses time for a promotion
people think that success just happens
to you it doesn't you want this life the
decisions yours The Devil Wears Prada
[Music]